Update gha to support sto only workflows sto 7577 (#6751)
harness/developer-hub: docs/security-testing-orchestration/use-sto/orchestrate-and-ingest/run-scans-using-github-actions.md

### Important notes for using GitHub Action and Drone Plugin steps in STO 

> * You can use GitHub Action security scans in STO-only and integrated CI/STO pipelines. 

Author: ```suggestion
* You can use GitHub Action security scans in STO-only pipelines as well as pipelines that use STO with other modules such as CI. 
```
